docs(backend): 3302 docu usecase - user search (#3303)
gradido/gradido: docu/Concepts/TechnicalRequirements/UC_publish_user_to_GMS.md

There is no user-specific authentication nor autorization necessary for this dialog as mentioned above.

### GMS user playground dialog

As described in the chapter "User search" above, we need a dialog in GMS to display in a graphical map:

* the location of the user as a red needle, who opens the user search-dialog
* the location of his community as a circle, the invoker belongs to
* the locations of all other users belonging to the same community as white/gray or black needles - depending on the location-type of the user
* circles and needles of all other communities and users, which are nearby the requesting user and community location

> On activation of the menu-entry _user-search_ a technical flow in the background have to prepare the connection between the gradido-system and the gms-komponent. The following list will describe the necessary steps of all involved komponents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On activation of the menu-entry _user-search_ a technical flow in the background have to prepare the connection between the gradido-system and the gms-component. The following list will describe the necessary steps of all involved components:
```
Wenn du Deutsch schreibst kannst du gerne Komponente verwenden also mit K, aber wenn du Englisch schreibst sieht das doch reichlich merkwürdig aus mit der Deutschen Schreibweise.
Komponente = Deutsch
Component = Englisch
